Welcome to your final field write an exam.
The main purpose of this field reading this exam is to test your skills with object oriented programming.
Let's commence a quick overview of how the exam will work.
Let's discuss your final field readiness exam in detail.
You will be using object oriented programming to create a simple encryption class object an instance
of this object will be able to encrypt and decrypt messages through two separate method calls.
Let's get a quick overview of how it's going to do this encryption process the encryption method will
work in the following manner.
First you will be given a string.
So for example Hello world.
Then you're going to pass this string into encrypt method called off an instance of the object and the
encryption method will go through the following.
You will then add random letters in every other index position.
So here we can see and underline in a different color we've inserted random letters in every other position
in the string.
So now we have this following string.
The next step in your encryption process will be to reverse the string.
So here we can see after inserting those random letters we've gone ahead and reversed the string then
the next step and your encryption process will be to create a shuffled version of the alphabet.
So at the very top we have the normal version of the alphabet.
Your object will be able to shuffle it and then once you have that shuffled version of the alphabet
you will use the shuffled alphabet as a Caesar cipher.
So then once you replace the letters with their Caesar cipher equivalent you will now have your full
encrypted word.
So at the end you're going to have an encrypted string that looks quite different from your original
and should be pretty hard to decrypt through normal methods.
Your object will also have a decrypts method that essentially reverses all the steps.
It goes back through the Sezer cipher.
It reverses the other way around and then replaces or removes every other letter.
And then you'll have your original string a skill to have the code for this is ready for you in the
exam notebook and it has outlined steps to break down the process into smaller subproblems.
Let's review this notebook and what it has for you.
Here we have the final field readiness test and notebook and the instructions I just went over are also
laid out in detail at the very top of this notebook in case you need to review them.
And as we go down we end up seeing the skeleton of the code that has been filled out for you the very
first thing is a couple of imports.
We have the random library imported for you.
That way you can shuffle the alphabet and string allows you to actually grab the alphabet as we've seen
before.
You can call A.S.C. I lowercase to grab a lowercase string of all the alphabet letters and then we have
our encryption class.
So in the encryption class you have this in a method and you have to do a couple of things.
It's going to expect a seed and you're going to set a random seed and a self-taught seed attribute.
So go ahead and google search if you're still not familiar with how to set a random seed in python but
it has to do with the random library and random plus seed.
Hopefully that gives you a big enough hint how to do that but your encryption object is going to take
in seed as an attribute.
So you will set a self-taught seed attribute then you will create an empty string attribute that will
hold the encrypted Phraselator on.
And then you will use the string in random libraries to create two attributes which is one is the correct
alphabet.
And another is the shuffled alphabet and there's a little hint free here.
Random thought sample.
So see if you can explore that.
And then we have the encryption method.
So again this method takes in the string message and encrypts it and you can check out the instructions.
We just went over there at the top of this notebook but there laid out here for you.
Step one is to replace every other letter with a random letter.
Then it's reverse the string then it's use the random shuffled alphabet for a Caesar cipher and then
we have passed here that you will eventually remove.
And then we have our decryption method which basically does these steps in reverse.
You go back through that Caesar cipher you reverse the string and then you remove every other letter
that was random.
So an example of this in action would look like the following.
Here we have an encryption.
Now we pass in our seed as 20 and then we have the encryption of Hello World return.
This string right here and then we have the description here of this string along with the seed that
we supply to get back.
Hello world.
The reason we have seed as a major part of this encryption process is because the seed allows you to
randomly shuffle the same way each time so that way you know how to undo the shuffled Caesar cipher.
All right.
Best of luck and this is definitely a tough assignment.
So take your time with it and try to break things down into smaller subproblems.
We'll see at the next lesson where we go over the solutions.
Best of luck.